[Music]
like a real-life Spider Woman she sprays
strands of silk in one long continuous
flow the threads fan out like a sail and
drift on air currents blowing across the
water every few seconds she crimps the
strands together to stop them spreading
too widely the breeze will do the rest
blowing the threads into a single line
and a 25 meter bridge now she must
reinforce her bridge because her web
will hang from it
but there's something bouncing the lion
at the other end
another darwin spider is trying to take
advantage of her hard work
she must deal with the intruder head on
[Music]
the cut line is an inconvenience but no
more than that with hopes on the tips of
each leg she gathers in the thread
[Music]
it won't go to waste as he'll eat it
later when it's all reeled in she sprays
again out streams another 25 meter
bridging line
[Music]
how a spider no bigger than a thumbnail
companies so much silk so quickly has
baffled scientists and it's no ordinary
silk it's the toughest natural fiber on
the planet tougher than steel and it
needs to be tough to span the wide river
with the bridge taught and the found
anchor in place it's time to construct
her trap
[Music]
these spiders can build the world's
largest orb webs up to 2 metres wide
a few hours from the first spray of
bridging line the job is done